basic structure of a CAH game is:

init: load cards, load config, join irc channel

wait for start command

then loop:
add users to game
deal cards to users
show question
collect answers
wait for winner selection
record results

once game is done, record stats, reset deck, wait for start command



commands we want to have:

join
start
play/pick
winner/pick
cards
status
score/shame
detail cardnum - shows info on card

ideally, commands are just entered, and if they don't make sense, are
ignored.  additional verbiage is also ignored (pick 0 2 because why
not).  if someone says, 'pick up the pace,' it's ignored (no numbers).
commands that take no args are ignored if there's any trailing stuff
('start making sense' doesn't start a game).

commands issued to the cardbot via private message are, where sensible,
responded via pm as well -- cards, status, score, detail.


structure of the objects:

Game: knows everything about the game itself: players, card decks,
current status, scores, who's the czar, etc.

Player: knows everything about the player: card hand, score, stats,
identifying IRC info

Config: knows about config stuff, as defined in an external file

Deck: knows about a handful of Cards, and includes Card manipulations
like shuffling, showing a hand, adding cards, and dealing cards.  this
also loads cards from a file.

Card: knows about an individual card: what the text is, whether it's an
answer or a question, how many to pick, how many to play, etc.

IRC: knows about IRC stuff: how to receive messages, how to send
messages, how to find info about users who join, what server we're
talking to, etc.

CmdParser: knows how to parse a command: given a string, spit out the
correct command string, and the appropriate arguments


a main function will:

* load Config
* join IRC (using the IRC class)
* wait until it receives a start command
* register all users who communicate as Players, so that if one tries
  to join, that Player can be passed to the CmdParser

upon start:

* start a new Game
* register the starting player as player 0 and the czar
* wait for other players to join

upon join:

* register joining player

upon min_players reached:

* start the game
* deal cards to players
* present first question card
* wait for answers

if a new player joins (up to max_players):
* add them to the player list
* deal them a set of cards
* let them loose and wait for an answer
